KNI Kep updates (#2)
MikeZappa87/enhancements: keps/sig-network/4410-k8s-network-interface/README.md

### Goals

1. Design a cool looking t-shirt

> 2. Make "networks" and their configuration discoverable via the Kubernetes API

Reviewer: If we leverage CRD's this would reduce the scope. Should we use CRD's to start out with? 

I am not 100% sure what you mean by their configuration discoverable via kube api?

Author: ```suggestion
2. Make it possible to specify networks and network configurations via the Kubernetes API, to some reasonable degree
```

3. Provide highly focused networking APIs that are composable

> 3. Support multi-network attachment for `Pods`

Reviewer: I am wondering if this could be worded differently such as support the ability to add 1 or many network attachments? 

The reverse should be said as well? If we can add 1 or many, we should be able to detach them as well.

Author: I like the worded you have in your branch better, let's go with that

4. Support `Pod` to `Pod` network semantics with Kubernetes API specification

> 5. Enable egress (Telcos/others need to strongly define/control traffic routes)

Reviewer: This might be an area of collaboration with gateway-api. This is KNI providing the extension point so that gateway-api or another project/service could use?

Author: Possibly, but I would hold on talking about that yet because it's an implementation detail. I definitely want to keep it in mind though because I think this project and Gateway API will naturally interact.
